hey guys welcome to SourceFed I'm Joe
Bereta yeah she is please I dinosaur
measuring in at about 7 to 10 feet in
length that wait anywhere between four
and five and 135 pounds give or take a
few pounds is being held as the world's
oldest dinosaur this is one old Dino
it's called the NASA source pairing Tony
and it pushes back to dinosaur time line
10 to 15 million years from The Late
Triassic period back to the middle
triassic period that's back about 240
million years y'all with your
countenance weren't a bunch of stuck-up
isolationist and we're joined in the
loving embrace that was Pangaea Wow in
deny a sister who I wanna color night
cool yeah she's gonna be Yuki's
girlfriend right yeah I gotta go on
adventures together and sleep smaller
dinosaurs from payroll perfect guy and
Yuki going through time saving little
baby dinosaurs Triassic Jurassic and
Cretaceous doesn't matter because it's a
too heavy awesome now you lived on the
southern portion of Pangaea that busted
up into the southern hemisphere
continents and nice bones were
discovered in the soils of Tanzania back
in the nineteen thirty but it was
today's future technology that allowed
scientists to accurately date the
fossils and it's just a couple fossils
guys we're talking like seven most bones
that are discovered our far from kickass
complete Dino skeletons Anaya's case
there's an upper arm bone and six
vertebrae which are very dinosaur asked
what I mean by that is the way the
muscles connected to the bone and the
blood vessels scream dinosaur but these
bones are so old and I might actually be
free dinosaur a lizard the large dog
sized herbivore might be the actual
missing lean necting dinosaurs to arca
sores which were the bird and crocodile
and crocodile like species roaming the
earth before dinos yo Joey learning so
much brain stuff is fun darling Nesbitt
a post-doctoral paleontologist from the
University of Washington said these
words out of his mouth hole previous to
this fine all the oldest dinosaurs were
all equally old from the same place in
Argentina and those sediments are about
230 million years old so this pushes the
dinosaur lineage or the closest relative
to dinosaurs all the way back to the
middle triassic this is our best
evidence of the middle Triassic dinosaur
there you have it the oldest dinosaur or
you know kind of dinosaur all i know is
that Yuki's got a girlfriend nikki is it
real oh
will murder you okay Yuki and I am
playing together in the Tar Pits there
wasn't type is but it's gonna be what
they played on the Tar Pits they're dead
not for this show ok so this discovery
is cool but we're gonna throw you a
curveball of a question what adventures
would you like to see Yuki and I go on
let us know in the comments down below
and when you're done writing your
soliloquies like I was an attachment
head on over to SourceFed that come to
see all of our stories I wanna see you
say negs I'm Joe Bereta rectally that's
Elina Newton she's in a place keep
singing just saying I'm gonna go get
Yuki and I a save pterodactyl eggs oh no
the mothers hurt